hello everyone here under wing and good today
I bring you as you see mac os x lion for
pc in 9m war iii so it's going to
work on all your computers
that you could not or have not
managed to install mac os x original in
your computers, you can already, but
through a virtual machine that is
the v keep me and I recommend that you
download this v water workstation 8
and what you have to do basically
First of all, download
the hard drive of mac os x lion that what
you can download here
the pirate bay and I recommend this one
is the most updated version that as
you can see and this download jce is a
tournament I recommend a torrent because
if you are not going to spend half an hour and then
this from here that is the one lock for the
user because in signs you can
install mac mac os x in 9 equal to them
we have to download this good these
links I will answer them both in the
description and basically the a block what
what you have to do is go to a blog
to the good in this case it would be 102 to
windows and urges the cmd to open it as
administrator
and you will have the possibility in the user
when creating the virtual machine of this as
You see that you had not before and then
Now selection eyes you are going to create the
virtual machine you create this you put it in
mac os x 10.7 normal without more
you go to the hard drive and I recommend you
that you put about 4 3 gigas of ram and
processors half what you have
example if you have punctual core then
value you put 1 if you have 15 you put 3
if you have an i7 you put 4
and more than anything to make it better
because you think it's not a macintosh and
the macintosh also consume like
fears
once done that we have everything done
of hard drives is going to create one of 200
gigas of these that are going to be stored
as more saving is being filled in
your physical hard drive
without further ado we are going to
also in big you have to leave the
wifi all components works
perfect to the perfection good that is
a virtual machine so we
the functional internet will work
screen resolution good sound and
It's true that some of the
Sometimes it hits you some pulls open
many programs at the same time but
if you want to attend fifth is why
that is to edit music videos
then the best operating system for
for music and music editing
videos and all these things and well what
we have here to have loaded of what I see
we do not have our password like this
we have if not no
and we already have loaded macintosh you can
watch
if you remove this
we have as you see busy absolutely
all the screen resolution and it goes very
well, it's pretty light, like you can
watch
as I said, sometimes
hang up and that but let's go
well by that way rather pretty fine the
true
here would have our hard drive this is
as all normal applications
open the asset
tribune to see things and then in
As for the configuration, here already
you put our parameters will put you
a bad resolution we go on a reason
option of 1024 then change it here
there is yours and you have maximum
HD is super to call it that
we go that the normal thing is that it arrives until
here is full hd
and well more things the sound already works
all good
and well, this was more or less a
video tutorial on how to install
macintosh on our pc with v-power and
Well I hope that it has served you
the macintosh lovers that you can us
spend on a macintosh since they are
extremely lacking and good and this
it's all and even another goodbye